#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --find-links=./wheelhouse --output-file=requirements-dev.txt ./requirements.txt requirements-dev.in
#
--find-links ./wheelhouse

affine==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   rasterio
amqp==2.4.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   kombu
anyio==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
apipkg==1.5
    # via execnet
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
appnope==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
arcgis==1.8.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
arcgis2geojson==2.0.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
asgiref==3.2.10
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.11.7
    # via pylint
attrs==19.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   rasterio
autoflake==1.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
autopep8==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ipython
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   celery
black==20.8b0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bleach==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
boto==2.49.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-ses
boto3==1.13.24
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
botocore==1.16.24
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
business-rules==1.0.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
cachetools==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
celery==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   celery-once
celery_once==1.2.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
certifi==2019.3.9
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   fiona
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
cffi==1.12.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   cryptography
cfgv==2.0.1
    # via pre-commit
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==7.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   pip-tools
    #   rasterio
    #   safety
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage==5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==3.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   requests-ntlm
cycler==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
cython==0.29.10
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
datadog==0.36.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
decorator==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datadog
    #   ipython
    #   traitlets
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
dill==0.3.5.1
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.0
    # via virtualenv
django==3.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-bitfield
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-docs
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-mptt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-readonly-field
    #   django-redis
    #   django-storages
    #   django-tagulous
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
django-bitfield==2.1.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-cors-headers==3.4.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-docs==0.3.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-extensions==2.2.6
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-extra-fields==3.0.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-fakeredis==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-mptt
django-leaflet==0.24.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-model-utils==4.1.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-mptt==0.12.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-oauth-toolkit==1.3.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-pgviews==0.5.5
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-readonly-field==1.0.5
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-fakeredis
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-sendsms==0.3.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-ses==0.8.10
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-storages[google]==1.8
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-tagulous==1.2.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-treebeard==4.4
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-versatileimagefield==2.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.11.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-extensions
djangorestframework-gis==0.17.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
dnspython==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   eventlet
docutils==0.14
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   botocore
docxtpl==0.4.6
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
dparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   safety
drf-extensions==0.7.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
earthengine-api==0.1.175
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pymet
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
eventlet==0.30.2
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
execnet==1.7.1
    # via pytest-xdist
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-factoryboy
faker==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   factory-boy
fakeredis==1.9.0
    # via django-fakeredis
filelock==3.0.12
    # via virtualenv
fiona==1.8.19
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   geopandas
    #   pymet
    #   rasterstats
flake8==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
future==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-ses
gdal==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pymet
geographiclib==1.49
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   geopy
    #   pymet
geojson==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pymet
geopandas==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pymet
geopy==2.1.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
gevent==21.12.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
google-api-core[grpc]==1.31.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-error-reporting
    #   google-cloud-logging
google-api-python-client==1.7.8
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   earthengine-api
google-auth==1.35.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.0.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-appengine-logging==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-core==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-error-reporting==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
google-cloud-logging==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-error-reporting
google-cloud-storage==1.24.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-storages
google-resumable-media==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
greenlet==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   eventlet
    #   gevent
grpcio==1.41.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
httplib2==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
humanize==2.4.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
identify==1.4.7
    # via pre-commit
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   flake8
    #   keyring
    #   pep517
    #   pluggy
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest
    #   virtualenv
inflection==0.5.1
    # via pytest-factoryboy
ipykernel==5.1.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipython==7.12.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   traitlets
ipywidgets==7.5.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   arcgis
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pylint
itypes==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
jedi==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreschema
    #   docxtpl
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jmespath==0.9.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pymet
json5==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyterlab==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   arcgis
jupyterlab-server==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab
keyring==21.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   arcgis
kiwisolver==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
kombu==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.7.1
    # via astroid
lerc==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   arcgis
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   docxtpl
    #   python-docx
    #   xmlunittest
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   arcgis
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mimesis==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-mimesis
mistune==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
mockredispy==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
more-itertools==7.2.0
    # via pytest
munch==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   fiona
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbclassic==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab
nbconvert==5.6.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.0.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
nodeenv==1.3.3
    # via pre-commit
notebook==6.1.5
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
ntlm-auth==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests-ntlm
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   arcgis
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pygdal
    #   pymet
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   snuggs
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
openpyxl==2.5.4
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   dparse
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-error-reporting
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pytest
    #   safety
pandas==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   arcgis
    #   geopandas
    #   pymet
pandocfilters==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.10.1
    # via black
pep517==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
pep8==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ipython
piexif==1.1.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
pillow==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-versatileimagefield
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via pylint
pluggy==0.13.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prometheus-client==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ipython
proto-plus==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-error-reporting
    #   google-cloud-logging
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.8.5
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
ptvsd==4.3.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
ptyprocess==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest
pyasn1==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.19
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.11.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via
    #   autoflake
    #   flake8
pygdal==3.4.1.10
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
pygments==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   twilio
pylint==2.13.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-django==2.5.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pylint-plugin-utils==0.7
    # via pylint-django
pymet==0.1.24
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
pyopenssl==19.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   earthengine-api
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   geopandas
pyrsistent==0.15.7
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pyshp==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   arcgis
pytest==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-mimesis
    #   pytest-pythonpath
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-cov==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-django==3.9.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-factoryboy==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-forked==1.2.0
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-mimesis==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-pythonpath==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-xdist==1.33.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-docx==0.8.6
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   docxtpl
python-engineio==3.13.2
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
python-json-logger==0.1.11
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
python-magic==0.4.24
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-versatileimagefield
pytz==2020.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-ses
    #   google-api-core
    #   pandas
    #   twilio
pyyaml==5.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   dparse
    #   pre-commit
pyzmq==18.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
rasterio==1.0.23
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pymet
    #   rasterstats
rasterstats==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pymet
redis==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   celery-once
    #   django-fakeredis
    #   django-redis
    #   fakeredis
regex==2022.9.13
    # via black
requests==2.24.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   arcgis
    #   coreapi
    #   datadog
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   google-api-core
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   safety
    #   twilio
requests-mock==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
requests-ntlm==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   arcgis
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   arcgis
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   arcgis
rsa==4.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
s3transfer==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   boto3
safety==1.10.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
scikit-learn==0.20.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pymet
scipy==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pymet
    #   scikit-learn
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   setuptools-rust
send2trash==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
setuptools-rust==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
shapely==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   geopandas
    #   rasterstats
simplejson==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   rasterstats
simplekml==1.3.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   arcgis
    #   bleach
    #   cfgv
    #   cycler
    #   django-bitfield
    #   django-extensions
    #   docxtpl
    #   earthengine-api
    #   eventlet
    #   fakeredis
    #   fiona
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   grpcio
    #   jsonschema
    #   munch
    #   oauth2client
    #   protobuf
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pyrsistent
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-engineio
    #   requests-mock
    #   traitlets
    #   twilio
    #   virtualenv
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   anyio
snuggs==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   rasterio
sort-requirements==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via fakeredis
sqlparse==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
terminado==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   autopep8
    #   black
    #   dparse
    #   pep517
    #   pre-commit
tomli==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pylint
    #   setuptools-rust
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==4.3.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
twilio==6.44.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
typed-ast==1.5.4
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   black
typing-extensions==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   pylint
    #   setuptools-rust
uritemplate==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.25.9
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
virtualenv==20.0.20
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.1.8
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   pytest
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   bleach
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jupyter-server
wheel==0.36.2
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==5.1.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   arcgis
    #   ipywidgets
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via astroid
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
xmlunittest==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
zipp==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   pep517
zope.event==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   gevent
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
