#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --find-links=./wheelhouse requirements.in
#
--find-links ./wheelhouse

affine==2.2.2
    # via rasterio
amqp==2.4.2
    # via kombu
anyio==3.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
arcgis==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
arcgis2geojson==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
asgiref==3.2.10
    # via django
attrs==19.1.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
babel==2.9.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.1.0
    # via ipython
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
bleach==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
boto==2.49.0
    # via django-ses
boto3==1.13.24
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.16.24
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
business-rules==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==3.1.0
    # via google-auth
celery==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery-once
celery_once==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2019.3.9
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
cffi==1.12.3
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
click==7.0
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   safety
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.5.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cryptography==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyopenssl
    #   requests-ntlm
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
cython==0.29.10
    # via -r requirements.in
datadog==0.36.0
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==4.4.0
    # via
    #   datadog
    #   ipython
    #   traitlets
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via nbconvert
django==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-bitfield
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-docs
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-mptt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-readonly-field
    #   django-redis
    #   django-storages
    #   django-tagulous
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
django-bitfield==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-docs==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==2.2.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extra-fields==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-mptt
django-leaflet==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-model-utils==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-oauth-toolkit==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-pgviews==0.5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-readonly-field==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sendsms==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ses==0.8.10
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages[google]==1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tagulous==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-treebeard==4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-versatileimagefield==2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-extensions
djangorestframework-gis==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==1.16.0
    # via eventlet
docutils==0.14
    # via botocore
docxtpl==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
dparse==0.5.1
    # via safety
drf-extensions==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
earthengine-api==0.1.175
    # via pymet
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via openpyxl
eventlet==0.30.2
    # via -r requirements.in
fiona==1.8.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
    #   pymet
    #   rasterstats
future==0.17.1
    # via django-ses
gdal==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymet
geographiclib==1.49
    # via
    #   geopy
    #   pymet
geojson==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymet
geopandas==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymet
geopy==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gevent==21.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==1.31.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-error-reporting
    #   google-cloud-logging
google-api-python-client==1.7.8
    # via earthengine-api
google-auth==1.35.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.0.3
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-appengine-logging==0.2.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.1.1
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-core==1.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-error-reporting==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-logging==2.6.0
    # via google-cloud-error-reporting
google-cloud-storage==1.24.1
    # via django-storages
google-resumable-media==0.5.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
greenlet==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eventlet
    #   gevent
grpcio==1.41.0
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
httplib2==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   oauth2client
humanize==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==1.5.0
    # via keyring
ipykernel==5.1.4
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipython==7.12.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   traitlets
ipywidgets==7.5.1
    # via arcgis
itypes==1.1.0
    # via coreapi
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via openpyxl
jedi==0.16.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreschema
    #   docxtpl
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jmespath==0.9.4
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==0.13.0
    # via pymet
json5==0.9.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.6.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyterlab==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
jupyterlab-server==2.8.2
    # via jupyterlab
keyring==21.1.0
    # via arcgis
kiwisolver==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
kombu==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
lerc==0.1.0
    # via arcgis
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docxtpl
    #   python-docx
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.1.3
    # via arcgis
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
munch==2.3.2
    # via fiona
nbclassic==0.3.4
    # via jupyterlab
nbconvert==5.6.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.0.4
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-client
notebook==6.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
ntlm-auth==1.4.0
    # via requests-ntlm
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pygdal
    #   pymet
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   snuggs
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via django-rest-swagger
openpyxl==2.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   dparse
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-error-reporting
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   safety
pandas==1.0.4
    # via
    #   arcgis
    #   geopandas
    #   pymet
pandocfilters==1.4.2
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.6.1
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
piexif==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-versatileimagefield
prometheus-client==0.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.3
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.19.5
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-error-reporting
    #   google-cloud-logging
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pyasn1==0.4.5
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.5
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycparser==2.19
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pygdal==3.4.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.5.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via twilio
pymet==0.1.24
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==19.0.0
    # via earthengine-api
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
pyrsistent==0.15.7
    # via jsonschema
pyshp==2.1.0
    # via arcgis
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-docx==0.8.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docxtpl
python-engineio==3.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-json-logger==0.1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
python-magic==0.4.24
    # via django-versatileimagefield
pytz==2020.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-ses
    #   google-api-core
    #   pandas
    #   twilio
pyyaml==5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dparse
pyzmq==18.1.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
rasterio==1.0.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymet
    #   rasterstats
rasterstats==0.13.1
    # via pymet
redis==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery-once
    #   django-redis
requests==2.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
    #   coreapi
    #   datadog
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   google-api-core
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   safety
    #   twilio
requests-ntlm==1.1.0
    # via arcgis
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via arcgis
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via arcgis
rsa==4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
s3transfer==0.3.2
    # via boto3
safety==1.10.3
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==0.20.3
    # via pymet
scipy==1.2.1
    # via
    #   pymet
    #   scikit-learn
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via setuptools-rust
send2trash==1.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
setuptools-rust==1.0.0
    # via cryptography
shapely==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
    #   rasterstats
simplejson==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   rasterstats
simplekml==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   arcgis
    #   bleach
    #   cycler
    #   django-bitfield
    #   django-extensions
    #   docxtpl
    #   earthengine-api
    #   eventlet
    #   fiona
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   grpcio
    #   jsonschema
    #   munch
    #   oauth2client
    #   protobuf
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pyrsistent
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-engineio
    #   traitlets
    #   twilio
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
snuggs==1.4.3
    # via rasterio
sqlparse==0.3.0
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
terminado==0.8.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.4.4
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via dparse
tomli==1.2.2
    # via setuptools-rust
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==4.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
twilio==6.44.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.0.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   setuptools-rust
uritemplate==3.0.0
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.25.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
wcwidth==0.1.8
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via jupyter-server
whitenoise==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via
    #   arcgis
    #   ipywidgets
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.0.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zope.event==4.5.0
    # via gevent
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
